Add `nvm` and `node` installation instruction to local install pages (#1643)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/17.0/get-started/local.md

sudo systemctl disable etcd
```

## Install Node

```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.5/install.sh | bash
```

> Ensure the following is in your bashrc/zshrc or similar. `nvm` automatically attempts adds these there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the following is in your .bashrc/.zshrc or similar. `nvm` automatically attempts to add them:
```

Reviewer: The same change should be made in all the docs from 16.0 onwards.
